EventBasedSimulator
===================

EventBasedSimulator is a HBase simulator, that simulates work of different compaction algorithms in HBase with different 
configurations


Compaction simulator simulates HBase work. As input it gets configuration of HBase and what compaction algorithms and its 
confs you want to see. As output it provides Write Amplification Factor (WAF) graph and Read Amplification Factor (RAF) 
graph. Basically WAF = bytes written and read from disk during compactions / bytes written and read from disk during 
flushes, so WAF shows how many times we write the same data again and again to disk due to compactions. The WAF is a 
significant factor in write performance and an algorithm with a WAF that is 10X higher is likely to support 10X fewer 
writes/second. RAF is average time to seek a keyvalue pair in a store of HBase. So given configurations of HBase itself 
and compaction algorithms you want to test, simulator show WAF and RAF for each compaction algorithm, so that you 
evaluate results and see what configuration are better. Even more, simulator allows user to change some configuration 
during simulating, for example you can change load and see how graphs are changing with changing load.

HBase compaction simulator provides several algorithms, that you can test. First you choose an algorithm:
1) HBaseCompactor - HBase native compaction algorithm
2) IbraCompactor - compaction algorithm, that selects the biggest set of similar files to compact
3) LevelBasedCompactor - compaction algorithm that divides files to levels and compacts files from one level to the next
4) RandomCompactor - random compaction algorithm
5) PredictorCompactor - formula, that predicts WAF, that would be generated by HBaseCompactor
Then you can modify configuration for each compaction algorithm to see the difference

P.S. code is submitted to GitHub: https://github.com/ibragimismailov/EventBasedSimulator

read "HBase compaction simulator.docx" file for more information

